FOREST_TODO.md, before:

- General:
    - Make sure slayer/other items that only appear out of dungeon are still forced to appear in the volcano
    - Re-evaluate time limit
    - Keep or remove longer text display? - Need to update in shops/bank/home if keep.
    - Make stairs always take you to same place?
    - Test amulet of invisibility 
    - ~~Change slayer probability so it appears on V5 (or F1?) if not already?~~
    - Amiga graphics?
    - ~~Forest maps need updating to be distinct~~ 

- Monsters/balance:
    - Make e.g. hellhound immune to fire? 
    - Increase monster damage in Forest
    - Guardians drain (keep/remove)?
    - Guardian reduce HP?
    - Guardians immune to scare?
    - Some monsters need to move faster than Our Hero
    - Make guardians invisible without eye of larn
    - Addition of other stats when fighting monsters - in particular guardians+
    - Reduce monster spawn rate in forest (at last forest level, is almost impossible to move due to monsters)
    - Make alters in Ularn more dangerour? (too easy to get high stats?)
    - Make alters crumble more easily?
              
- Spells:
    - Complete Rebound
    - Fix spell display for status effects
    - Should genie be able to grant forest spells? (If on forest levels, yes, but Only those that can be found?)
    - Master dispells shpere even with talisman

- Combining options:
    - New results from inventive combinations

- Other items:
    - Life crown

- Out and out bugs:
    - ~~Teleporting in volcano level 4 took into forest level 1 (multiple times)~~
    - Display attributes > 2 digits? (max them out at 99?)
    - ~~Combine breaks stats? (need to drop and pickup again for it to work?/create new item)~~
    - Ularn scoreboard --> Forest scoreboard (best way to incorporate Forest name throughout?)
    - End of game "press return".

Commit message:

Our Hero can reflect (non-spattack) damage

FOREST_TODO.md, after:

- General:
    - ~~Make sure slayer/other items that only appear out of dungeon are still forced to appear in the volcano~~
    - Re-evaluate time limit
    - Keep or remove longer text display? - Need to update in shops/bank/home if keep.
    - Make stairs always take you to same place?
    - Test amulet of invisibility 
    - ~~Change slayer probability so it appears on V5 (or F1?) if not already?~~
    - Amiga graphics?
    - ~~Forest maps need updating to be distinct~~ 

- Monsters/balance:
    - Make e.g. hellhound immune to fire? 
    - Increase monster damage in Forest
    - Increase monster toughness in Forest
    - Increase monster experience in Forest
    - Guardians drain (keep/remove)?
    - ~~Guardian reduce HP~~
    - Guardians immune to scare?
    - Some monsters need to move faster than Our Hero
    - Make guardians invisible without eye of larn
    - Addition of other stats when fighting monsters - in particular guardians+
    - Reduce monster spawn rate in forest (at last forest level, is almost impossible to move due to monsters)
    - Make alters in Ularn more dangerous? (too easy to get high stats?)
    - Make alters crumble more easily?
    - Too hard to hit master?
              
- Spells:
    - ~~Complete Rebound~~
    - Should rebound also reflect special attacks?
    - Fix spell display for status effects
    - Should genie be able to grant forest spells? (If on forest levels, yes, but Only those that can be found?)
    - ~~Master dispells sphere even with talisman~~
    - BRK and Mirrors

- Combining options:
    - New results from inventive combinations

- Other items:
    - Life crown

- Out and out bugs:
    - ~~Teleporting in volcano level 4 took into forest level 1 (multiple times)~~
    - Display attributes > 2 digits? (max them out at 99?)
    - ~~Combine breaks stats? (need to drop and pickup again for it to work?/create new item)~~
    - Ularn scoreboard --> Forest scoreboard (best way to incorporate Forest name throughout?)
    - End of game "press return". 
    - Ularn bug: Vorpal blade sometimes beheads a monster that is killed by a spell.
