TODO.md, before:

One thing that was askew in your initial implementation was flex: 95%
If you're only after flex-grow, use the property directly rather than through the shorthand flex. Then it becomes easier to spot that flex-grow doesn't take % in but relative integer weights (1, 2, 3...)

ULARN 12.5.0:
- SUPPORT FOR OLDER BROWSERS
- better amiga icons: magic items, demons & lucifer, elevator, lemming, bitbug
- update README.spoilers doc
- can you get back stolen items? YES -> int stealsomething()
  -- give all monsters inventory
  -- player.take, monster.take
  -- start monsters with gold and items in inventory
  -- remove stupid something() function
  -- try to not break savegames
  -- if the monster has stolen the talisman, they get it's power!
- eye of larn appraisal in bank
- make sure ULARN ? x : y is wrapped in ()
- search for ULARN TODO
- fall down pit, area around player isn't exposed, classic mode only -> add paint()?
- lama nobe graphic?
check
- display.c
- all 1.6.3 code


ULARN 12.5.1
- click / farlook to identify object
- monster.isSlow, and different way to decide when to move
- fix interactions between haste self / haste monster / half-speed monsters (check 1.6.3 hastestep)
  * HAS + PER bug slow monsters (H,x,r,etc) move every moves, or totally paralyzed?
- async/await for keyboard input?
- update babel to support async/await for nap()
- why is bessman:1 for every old game?
- "we don't accept contraband" when selling drugs at thrift shop
- amiga mode: unseen walls should be flat

todo:
- check chrome audit tab
- colors for dragons? other monsters
- config page
  - colors on/off
  - keyboard hints
  - walls as block or joined ascii
  - no-beep
  - no-nap
- "sorry, no mobile" message for larn.html
- warn if changing names because it's annoying on the scoreboard
- click / farlook to identify object (hack and classic mode)
- show time in side inventory
- Save id to name and name to id map
- update history
- beep()
- help wiki (items/scrolls/potions/features/monsters/etc)
- most references to player.level should be replaced with functions
- allow hitting escape while naps are happening (interrupt settimeout?)
  - make buying / selling items etc faster 
- eye of larn pickup/drop message with proper naps inbetween messages (harder than expected the first time around)



bugs:
* lots of monsters walking through wall. (fixed?)
  - was this due to smart ripple[] not being cleared?
* long user names aren't truncated on the start screen
- closing a door (from on top of the door) when a monster is in the spot you were
  just in drops you back on the monsters spot. the monster reappears when you move.
- can't load game stats from local scoreboard (can't find game sdkjfhsdfkj)
- arrow buttons on help screen are truncated in amiga mode
- amiga mode: viewing scoreboard resets to classic mode (partially fixed)
- better inventory layout, font selection with react?
- amiga mode: strikethrough missing on taxes owing after victory
- blindness
  - black tile when opening door when blind
  - when blind, a monster from an unknown tile will reveal the tile its standing on during attack
- rothe/poltergeist/vampire are born awake -> should they move during stealth?
- monster movement isn't shown after falling asleep
- casting sph twice in the same direction will always kill the player


extras:
- change font to dynamically fit window
- url for scoreboard
- mle bounce off demon
- no teleport away for demon
- cloud save via password
- game start/end stats
- ipad support
- show other actions ("you have desecrated at the altar!" etc)
- add support for other wizard mode passwords
- give notification given when haste, aggravate monsters subsides (no?)
- start new game without reloading
- copy local scores to global
- color (mcolor/ocolor)
- more authentic font
- beep support
- stats on most dangerous monster, level, moves/kills/spells ratio
  - win/death ratio per difficulty
- speedrun mode

Commit message:

Our Hero can take things back

TODO.md, after:

One thing that was askew in your initial implementation was flex: 95%
If you're only after flex-grow, use the property directly rather than through the shorthand flex. Then it becomes easier to spot that flex-grow doesn't take % in but relative integer weights (1, 2, 3...)

ULARN 12.5.0:
- SUPPORT FOR OLDER BROWSERS
- better amiga icons: magic items, demons & lucifer, elevator, lemming, bitbug
- update README.spoilers doc
- if the monster has stolen the talisman, they get it's power!
- eye of larn appraisal in bank
- search for ULARN TODO
- lama nobe graphic?
- "you have found" vs "you find"
- check all 1.6.3 code


ULARN 12.5.1
- monster.isSlow, and different way to decide when to move
- fix interactions between haste self / haste monster / half-speed monsters (check 1.6.3 hastestep)
  * HAS + PER bug slow monsters (H,x,r,etc) move every moves, or totally paralyzed?
- async/await for keyboard input?
- update babel to support async/await for nap()
- why is bessman:1 for every old game?
- "we don't accept contraband" when selling drugs at thrift shop
- amiga mode: unseen walls should be flat

todo:
- check chrome audit tab
- "sorry, no mobile" message for larn.html
- warn if changing names because it's annoying on the scoreboard
- click / farlook to identify object (hack and classic mode)
- show time in side inventory
- Save id to name and name to id map
- update history
- beep()
- help wiki (items/scrolls/potions/features/monsters/etc)
- most references to player.level should be replaced with functions
- allow hitting escape while naps are happening (interrupt settimeout?)
  - make buying / selling items etc faster 
- eye of larn pickup/drop message with proper naps inbetween messages (harder than expected the first time around)



bugs:
* lots of monsters walking through wall. (fixed?)
  - was this due to smart ripple[] not being cleared?
* fall down pit, area around player isn't exposed
   - only when player doesn't fall down on the first 'try'
* long user names aren't truncated on the start screen
- closing a door (from on top of the door) when a monster is in the spot you were
  just in drops you back on the monsters spot. the monster reappears when you move.
- can't load game stats from local scoreboard (can't find game sdkjfhsdfkj)
- arrow buttons on help screen are truncated in amiga mode
- amiga mode: viewing scoreboard resets to classic mode (partially fixed)
- amiga mode: strikethrough missing on taxes owing after victory
- blindness
  - black tile when opening door when blind
  - when blind, a monster from an unknown tile will reveal the tile its standing on during attack
- rothe/poltergeist/vampire are born awake -> should they move during stealth?
- monster movement isn't shown after falling asleep
- casting sph twice in the same direction will always kill the player


extras:
- change font to dynamically fit window
- better inventory layout, font selection with react?
- url for scoreboard
- mle bounce off demon
- no teleport away for demon
- colors for dragons? other monsters
- config page
  - colors on/off
  - keyboard hints
  - walls as block or joined ascii
  - no-beep
  - no-nap
- cloud save via password
- game start/end stats
- ipad support
- show other actions ("you have desecrated at the altar!" etc)
- add support for other wizard mode passwords
- give notification given when haste, aggravate monsters subsides (no?)
- start new game without reloading
- copy local scores to global
- color (mcolor/ocolor)
- more authentic font
- beep support
- stats on most dangerous monster, level, moves/kills/spells ratio
  - win/death ratio per difficulty
- speedrun mode
